Submit new HIP for Fee Collection Account (#1259)
hiero-ledger/hiero-improvement-proposals: HIP/hip-1259.md

At the end of each staking period, prior to any other transactions or operations:

1. Create a synthetic transaction to distribute all hbars from 0.0.802. This single transaction can have an a large
   transfer list accommodating the transfers to all nodes and the special accounts
2. Pay node fees from the `NodePaymentsInfo` map to each node's account.
    - If for any reason the node’s account cannot accept the fees (i.e. it is deleted or doesn’t exist), then they are
      forfeit. They will remain in 0.0.802 until step 3
    - `receiverSigRequired` is ignored for payments to node accounts
    - Hooks are not executed when fees are paid to node accounts
3. Split the remaining balance among 0.0.98, 0.0.800, and 0.0.801 per current rules
4. Reset `NodePaymentsInfo` to an empty map.

This synthetic transaction is recorded in the block stream like any other.

### Protobuf Changes

The singleton state is defined in a new protobuf file: `services/state/node_payments.proto`.

```protobuf
// A singleton state object that accumulates node fees for distribution.
message NodePaymentsInfo {
  // A map from account_number to NodePaymentInfo.

>   map<int64, NodePaymentInfo> payments = 1;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  map<uint64, NodePaymentInfo> payments = 1;
```

> message NodePaymentsInfo {
>   // A map from account_number to NodePaymentInfo.
>   map<int64, NodePaymentInfo> payments = 1;

Reviewer: The info suffix seems unnecessary and makes it harder to say when plural. Could consider dropping it unless it's some standard naming for state objects.

```suggestion
message NodePayments {
  // A map from account_number to NodePaymentInfo.
  map<int64, NodePayment> payments = 1;
```

Reviewer 2: Applied
